Improve coredns page (#32126)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/coredns.md

## About CoreDNS

[CoreDNS](https://coredns.io) is a flexible, extensible DNS server
that can serve as the Kubernetes cluster DNS.
Like Kubernetes, the CoreDNS project is hosted by the
{{< glossary_tooltip text="CNCF" term_id="cncf" >}}.

You can use CoreDNS instead of kube-dns in your cluster by replacing
kube-dns in an existing deployment, or by using tools like kubeadm

> that will deploy and upgrade the cluster for you.

Reviewer: This might actually be outdated; is `kube-dns` still supported? (I think it might be at least deprecated).

Reviewer 2: kube-dns is deprecated and removed from kubeadm
https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm/issues/1943

Reviewer: If you don't use `kubeadm`, I'm assuming nothing stops you using KubeDNS (but hardly anyone does). Is that right?

Reviewer 3: Correct. `kube-dns` is still a valid option that implements the DNS schema. It's just not the recommended one, nor the one installed by `kubeadm`.

Reviewer 3: It is NOT deprecated as an implementation itself (i.e., https://github.com/kubernetes/dns is active and supported).

### Upgrading an existing cluster with kubeadm

> In Kubernetes version 1.21, support for `kube-dns` is removed from kubeadm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v1.21 release of `kubeadm` removed support for the legacy `kube-dns` DNS application.
For `kubeadm` v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, the only supported cluster DNS application is
CoreDNS.
```
?

Author: Revised accordingly.

You can move to CoreDNS when you use `kubeadm` to upgrade a cluster that is

> using `kube-dns`. In this case, `kubeadm` will generate the CoreDNS configuration

Reviewer: style nit:
```suggestion
using `kube-dns`. In this case, `kubeadm` generates the CoreDNS configuration
```

("Corefile") based upon the `kube-dns` ConfigMap, preserving configurations for
stub domains, and upstream name server.

## Upgrading CoreDNS

You can check the version of CoreDNS shipped with Kubernetes and the changes
made to CoreDNS [here](https://github.com/coredns/deployment/blob/master/kubernetes/CoreDNS-k8s_version.md).

> During cluster upgrade, your existing Corefile will be retained.

Reviewer: Is this true and appropriate:
```suggestion
If your Kubernetes cluster already uses CoreDNS, retain the existing `Corefile` (the
configuration file for CoreDNS) when you upgrade. If you use the `kubeadm` tool then
the upgrade takes care of retaining the existing configuration automatically.
```
?

Author: Agreed. The verbose version is more accurate as it reads.

CoreDNS can be upgraded manually in case you want to only upgrade CoreDNS
or use your own custom image.
There is a helpful [guideline and walkthrough](https://github.com/coredns/deployment/blob/master/kubernetes/Upgrading_CoreDNS.md)
available to ensure a smooth upgrade.

## Tuning CoreDNS

When resource utilisation is a concern, it may be useful to tune the
configuration of CoreDNS. For more details, check out the
[documentation on scaling CoreDNS](https://github.com/coredns/deployment/blob/master/kubernetes/Scaling_CoreDNS.md).

## {{% heading "whatsnext" %}}

You can configure [CoreDNS](https://coredns.io) to support many more use cases than

> kube-dns by modifying the `Corefile`. For more information, see the
> [CoreDNS site](https://coredns.io/2017/05/08/custom-dns-entries-for-kubernetes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kube-dns previously did, by modifying the `Corefile` that configures CoreDNS.
For more information, see the
[documentation](https://coredns.io/plugins/kubernetes/) for the `kubernetes`
CoreDNS plugin, or read
[Custom DNS Entries For Kubernetes](https://coredns.io/2017/05/08/custom-dns-entries-for-kubernetes/)
in the CoreDNS blog.
```

### Upgrading an existing cluster with kubeadm

In Kubernetes version 1.21, kubeadm removed its support for `kube-dns` as a DNS application.
For `kubeadm` v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, the only supported cluster DNS application
is CoreDNS.

You can move to CoreDNS when you use `kubeadm` to upgrade a cluster that is
using `kube-dns`. In this case, `kubeadm` generates the CoreDNS configuration
("Corefile") based upon the `kube-dns` ConfigMap, preserving configurations for
stub domains, and upstream name server.

## Upgrading CoreDNS

You can check the version of CoreDNS shipped with Kubernetes and the changes

> made to CoreDNS [here](https://github.com/coredns/deployment/blob/master/kubernetes/CoreDNS-k8s_version.md).

Reviewer: (nit)
I'd write this as:
```suggestion
You can check the version of CoreDNS that kubeadm installs for each version of
Kubernetes, in the page
[CoreDNS version in Kubernetes](https://github.com/coredns/deployment/blob/master/kubernetes/CoreDNS-k8s_version.md).
```

Author: I'd ignore the ‘kubeadm installs’ part because 'kubeadm' is only one of the ways to setup k8s and its plugins.
I'll take your suggestion revising the link anchor. Using 'here' as anchor is not the recommended style.

Reviewer: From the linked page:
> This document records the CoreDNS version that was installed by kubeadm with each version of Kubernetes since v1.9.

It is specifically about kubeadm. Other tools might deploy a different cluster DNS solution, or CoreDNS but a different version.

Author: Okay, fair enough. I didn't check the page. Will revise.
